good day welcome to SourceFed I'm Joe
Bereta and I'm Lee Newton the US
government Superfriends headed by their
super team leader obama just put the
finishing touches on updated fuel
economy standards that are set to go in
effect in 2024 the new standards will
almost double current mpg minimums for
cars and light trucks from twenty nine
point seven miles per gallon dropping
automobiles into the laps of consumers
that run at a rate of fifty 4.5 miles
per gallon that's crazy I could pretty
much drive from LA back home to Montana
on two tanks of gas damn damn damn damn
damn damn the changes were put into
place to lessen the impact of the auto
industry on the environment but these
new standards will set ripple effects
throughout all sorts of stuff like what
Lee well I'll tell you Joe for instance
the nation's OPEC oil imports could be
sliced in half making us less dependent
on the teeth of foreign oil that's a big
t and of course there's the fact that I
won't be putting full paychecks into my
gas tank every month the government'll
people estimate that because of the
changes drivers will save eight thousand
dollars in fuel costs over the lifetime
of their car another little fun karstadt
thrown out states that an improvement of
just five miles per gallon for a dude
that dress 15,000 miles a year to save
him five hundred dollars in gas inside
here and we're talking about a 25 miles
per gallon increase in efficiency so
we're looking at twenty-five hundred
dollars saved each year that's cool cuz
I like saving money like saving money
and you'll need it cuz these new
standards need new technology and this
new technology will increase the price
of the new cars car prices will jump up
about two to three thousand dollars and
I know I know what you're thinking when
you hear that you're like what no no not
acceptable somebody kill me take me down
to the quarry drown me in the river I
can't do this anymore it's all going
down yeah what a pillow over my face in
it now stop it overreact I am
overreacting but remember because the
new mpg you'll be saving bushels of
money each year more than offsetting the
price increases these rule changes will
also affect the types of cars we're
gonna see in the future we're gonna
start seeing more natural gas cars on
the highways and the byways because
automakers will receive credits for
selling them in the US hybrid an
electric ride should also see a bump and
diesel vehicles should continue their
steady rise in the marketplace because
they are twenty to forty percent more
efficient and say goodbye to the world
of v8 and true blue muscle cars most new
cars are equipped with four cylinders
and in the future six cylinder vehicles
will be a rare breed in themselves
efficiency will trump
our in the future haha man greasers are
gonna be true greasers in a fee ought to
be like do it for Johnny but be careful
because you're in a fiat and the safety
standards are pretty low drive safely
please and as a result of smaller
engines and redesigns cars are gonna
become smaller and lighter opponents of
the bill point out that this will
massively decrease safety and future
automobiles overall most people are
looking at these changes as a triple win
everyone will benefit the auto dealers
the consumers and the environment so
what do you guys think of these changes
let us know in the comments section down
below like subscribe click annotation
for more stories I'm Joe Bereta I'm Lee
Newton bye bye do it for Johnny come on